The fifth homework assignment of the BCS. Using skills and concepts gleaned in the fifth section of the course, including but not limited to jQuery, moment.js, and various API's; the task at hand was to create a simple day planner app. 
The app is essentially an interactive time table, containing a row respresenting each hour of the timeframe of 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM, and within each row there are to be three columns, the left one display a specific hour in the aforementioned timeframe, a central column into which an event, note, or similiar input can be entered, and the right column holding the equivalent of a save button.
A separate time display of the current time relative to the user, a "master clock" if you will, provided by the moment.js library is to be located somewhere adjacent to the timetable. 
This master clock is to act as the keystone of certain aspects concerning the appearance and functionality of the app. 
To represent the passing of time and instill a sense of urgency to what events may reside in the central input area, if a given rows time is concurrent with the master clock, that row is to be colored a neutral grey.
If a row's time precedes the time on the master clock, that row is to be colored green. If a row's time has suceeded the time of the master clock, the row is to be colored red. 
Using the save button element of the right column of a given row, said element is clicked, then it would allow input in the central events column to be saved in local storage to be called upon at a later time.
